Note that I need the design to be minimalist and clean. It must not follow most AI pattern of grainy designs, colours and textures. It must be sharp, clean and defined. I can provide icons if the case may need as I need the icons to follow a particular colour, not multiple colours like most AI designs. The typography should be Geist Sans & Lora and they must be used appropriately at the right places including their weights and colour. The colours to be used must be similar to the logo. Use the logo to create a perfect colour palette. Every part must follow the typography and colour identity. NO AI MULTICOLOUR STUFF, MUST BE PERFECT AND CLEAN
I also need to make it known that the app must have an offline mode indicator, local language selector (English, French, hausa, Yoruba, igbo, arabic).
I need the app to start from the splash screen. A plain background with the app logo on it. There should be some kind of animation for it. I want the greenedIn to drop from the top and the leaf should fall gently on the letter “I”. Then it will proceed to the onboarding screen. There will be 3 total onboarding screens and the images in the onboarding screen should fill the page totally and must have some gradient overlay on top so that the text will show very well towards the bottom of the page. Then user will then proceed to a sign in/sign up page. You should follow popular design patterns for the sign in and signup page. Since its for agriculturists, I only need their first name, surname, phone number, an optional email address, a phone number (must have a dropdown of different country codes with Nigeria as the default), a question of whether they are a student, farmer or enthusiast, and then sign in.
After sign in, the homepage should have like 4 sections.
1.	A top header showing the app logo at the top left, a notifications icon at the far top right, a weather widget beside the notification icon showing the weather condition at the app user location (e.g 29 °C, Ibadan, NG or 29°C, Cape town, NG)
2.	A glass morphism card where it says Good Morning/afternoon/evening (It will be according to the time of the device or zone they are in) + “First name”, some quotes and tips relating to farming, management and agriculture that updates itself randomly every six hours, a kind of icon at the far right of the card that says chat with Alabi – your AI assistant (Meaning I need an agricultural AI tool written and embedded in it)
3.	Another section that has some quick tools that includes Cost Tracking, Knowledge hub, Ask Community, Marketplace.
4.	Another section called marketplaces that shows like 3 or 4 produce on a straight line. The prices will be fed from the Nigerian commodity exchange nex.com.ng(we’ll get and link their api) or any other open source api on agricultural commodities we can use in Nigeria.
5.	Another card section shows “learning hub” which will only show like 3 or 4 courses out of all available courses.
6.	The bottom navigation at the footer containing home, track, Inwealth, Update, profile. The inwealth is the one that will lead to our future fintech option so it will display an error page (not available) for now. Also note that every icons in the navigation must be clickable.
For the next page which is track, this is where the user will input the farming activity they are about to embark on. There will be like a big tab that stretches across the page with (Add new) written on it. Upon clicking there will be a pop-up card that will ask
1.	Name the user wants to give the enterprise
2.	What kind of enterprise is it, a dropdown of poultry, crop farming, livestock. (only one can be selected)
3.	If its crop farming, size of farm and numbers of crop stands will be asked.
4.	If its poultry, numbers of birds will be asked.
5.	If livestock is selected, number of animals will be asked.
Then a “create” button will be the cta. After creating, a new page will be entered. At the top will be the name of the enterprise and also a tab that boldly shows cost per bird if its poultry or cost per stand if its crop farming or cost per animal if its livestock. (The total expenses will be divided by the number of plants or animal to show the cost per plant/bird/animal)
The rest page will be similar to a worksheet environment with multiple cells where users can input their daily expenses. With revenue on one side and expenses on another side. Then on the bottom of the page, the total revenue and total expenses will be calculated and fixed. On the outside, the particular enterprise tab will show the date the enterprise was created in a dd/mm/yyyy format, and the cost per unit. This is to show users a summary of what’s in the tab.
For the update page, it will be divided into 3 sections that can be toggled on the top part. The 3 sections are knowledge hub, ask community and marketplace. The knowledge hub will be the default while the ask community and market place will be the second and third respectively that can be toggled in the update page.
The last page will be the profile page. It will include everything that will make the mobile app functional so I will lave that for you to use your intelligence. It must include everything that should be included and that are necessary for users.
